So today we will compare two plans of ISC Lord,
you also ask, you are
confused as to which one should be taken,
which is better, ISC Lord Health
Advantage and ISC Lord Elevate, which is a
new plan launched, we
will compare both, where are the differences between them, what are the
similarities and what is the cost, so it is
very important to stay till the end of the video,
before starting the video I would
like to introduce myself, my name is
Gurleen Kaur Tiku, I am a Certified
Financial Planner, I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 19 years
and every week I bring videos for you
so that your personal financial life can
become happier because the tagline of our company is
also creating a wealth of
happiness, let's move towards comparison,
before that a quick reminder, if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, do it so that you get the
right information at
the right time. Room Eligibility:
In ISC Lombard Health Advantage, if the
policy is below 20 lakhs, then single private
AC room 20  If the insurance cover is above Rs. 1 lakh, then there is no room rent
capping and ICC Lord Elevate has a single
private AC room and you
can upgrade or downgrade it. The maximum room modification
is 65. The
minimum entry age in ICC Lord Elevate is 18 and the
maximum is 125. So, people of any age can
enter it. The minimum and
maximum sum assured
available in IIC Advantage is Rs. 5 lakh and maximum
is Rs. 3 crore. The minimum sum assured in IIC Lord Elevate is Rs.
5 lakh. The maximum is unlimited, so the
option of unlimited sum assured is also available. The tenure
is one year, two years, three years. The
cumulated bonus is also the same in both the plans as before.
You get a guaranteed cumulated bonus every year,
maximum 100% and it is the
same in both the plans.
Your day care expenses,
home care expenses, domiciliary hospitalization
and AYUSH treatment are covered in both the plans, both in Advantage and Elevate.
Sum Refill Benefit If
you take a policy of Rs. 5 lakh or 7.5 lakh, then
once a year refill is available in Advantage.
Equal to 100% of base sum or if the policy is above that, then
unlimited number of times
are available. In Elevate, unlimited
number of times are available for any illness.
Emergency Road Ambulance Advantage plan has
1 per sum of sum or maximum ₹1000000.
Where as in Elevate, you will have to add a rider.
You can choose Emergency
Air Ambulance rider. Annual Wellness Test, if
annual wellness test is complete, is
inbuilt in IIC Lombard Advantage. You get the benefit of
% of sum assured in your policy.
Maximum 10000
tests in a year. Where as in IIC Lombard
Elevate, you will have to add a rider. If
you want to make these tests available, then Pre and
Post Hospitalization Expenses
60 days in advance in IIC Lombard Health Advantage
You can get reimbursed the expenses incurred after 90 days and 180 days
in ICC Lombard Elevate You can claim expenses of 90 days and 180 days
E-
Consultation Unlimited E-Consultation
is available in Advantage, whereas in Elevate you will have to
add a rider for tele-consultations
Modern treatments
Modern treatments like robotic
surgeries are covered in both the plans Up to some non-payable
items, you can add a rider in both the plans
Claim Protector rider is available
which will cover your non-payable
items OPD cover
You can add a BeFit rider in both the plans
Copayment for OPD coverage
is voluntary copayment in both the plans Can be
added through a rider Annual Aggregate
Deductible is not available in both the plans
Deductible option is not available Maternity Benefit
You can avail maternity benefit
after 2 years  There is a waiting period of 10 years
and the maximum benefit available here is
10 per sum assured and maximum benefit of ₹1 lakh
only. Delivery cost and newborn
baby expenses are double of that which is
₹2000000 maximum. You
can cover newborn baby expenses even if
you have chosen any sum assured and
you will get vaccination expenses 000 for the first
year. So both of these have riders.
You can add Age and On. If you
want maternity coverage then global
coverage is available in IC Advantage. If
you take a policy of 25 lakh or above 25 lakh,
you can claim global cover after 2 years. Where
Age Elevate has
global coverage, now let's talk about
optional riders. There are
nine optional riders in Advantage. There are
18 optional riders in Age Elevate. So let's talk about
which riders are there. The first one is
BeFit Rider which covers OPD.  The rider is a claim
protector which covers your non-payable items.
We are talking about these riders of Advantage, Sum Insured
Protector which is also called inflation
protector in which your sum assured increases every year as per
inflation. Maternity
benefit as a rider, you can add
personal accidental in which death, permanent
total disability, permanent partial
disability is covered. Then there is your
critical illness where a lump sum is paid out
every year. Compassionate visit which is
20000 per year copayment, voluntary copayment,
you can choose and ninth nursing at
home, so all these riders are available at an
additional cost, you can choose. Now let's talk about the
additional riders of Elevate. The
first in Elevate is Be Fit Rider which is an
OPD rider. The second durable medical
equipment cover is covered.
You may also want to cover dependent's accommodation benefit.
Annual health check-up, which is
inbuilt in Advantage, is also covered. Elevate has it as a
rider. You can add on riders if you want
annual health check-ups. Claim
Protector is a power booster for non-payable items
where your sum assured will increase every year
by 100% maximum, there is no limit.
Inflate in policy lifetime. If you
choose Air Ambulance cover as a rider,
Network Advantage is
a network where you
can claim. If you
want to claim on preferred partner networks, the company
also prefers them and gives you a discount.
But if you claim beyond that,
after taking the benefit of Network Advantage rider, you will have to make a payment.
After that, there is Nursing at Home rider.
Compassionate visit is covered. Inflation
Protector which enhances your time shot.
Inflation benefit on edge.
Critical illness cover. Personal accidental cover. You can
choose room modification. Voluntary co-
payment.  It is available, you
can choose co-payment to reduce your cost.
Another rider which was not there earlier is Jump
Start. Jump Start is basically where
you can cover your AB CD condition Asthma, BP,
Cholesterol, Diabetes and Obesity. So,
you can cover AB CD O condition
after 30 days of buying the policy.
In the last, the premiums of both are in front of you. You
can see and choose whether
IIC Advantage is better for you or
Elevate is better. So this was my
comparison between IIC Advantage and
IIC Lombard Elevate plan. If you have any
questions, you can reach out to us
in the comment section. If you want to reach out to our team, the
contact number and email ID is given,
you can reach out.
Tell us on what we should make the next video. Please
give your suggestion in the comment section. And
before leaving, a quick reminder, if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, do so.
So that you get the right information at the right
time. See you in the next video
then.  Tak Stay Safe Take Care Bye Bye